- 👋 Hi, I’m @PAGENOM

Know About Us?

Pagenom company is a professional website and mobile application development company in India at Gujarat, Rajkot. Pagenom company has best and experienced team that specialize in providing services for websites development and building mobile applications that are specific and relevant to client's product and business system. The company create and implement end-to-end solutions for websites with responsive/auto-adjust functionality for many device resolutions whether it be a desktop, tablet and mobile. The company also create and implement end-to-end solutions for building mobile applications with responsive/auto-adjust functionality for different resolutions of tablets and mobiles. Pagenom team is trained and specialized for development websites and mobile applications and helps clients to manage it.

What We Do?

Pagenom company focus on client and client needs! The company not only build websites and mobile applications with best suitable user interface and visual design, but also focus on top to bottom line of clients businness to increase their profit.Pagenom team performing job on their best lavels with php, framework of php and android with lots of usability, accessibility and web standards. The aim of company doesn’t sacrifies when it comes to websites development and mobile applications development. The other valued services that the company provides search engine optimization, branding / logo design, graphic designing, flash animation, website redesigning, social media marketing, E-mail marketing and consultation services. Pagenom team is developing websites and mobile applications for different types like eCommerce, Blogs and Personal, Informational, Online Community, Photo Sharing, Portfolio etc. that have proven to be some of the best on the web. Pagenom team craft websites and mobile applications with usability in  making the navigational experience simple. This allows client's firm to reach its maximum potential selling products or services online. Pagenom team use integration of frunt-end and back-end technology like PHP, Symfony, Zend, Laravel, Wordpress, Html, Bootstrap, SCSS, CSS, MySql, Javascript, Angular.js, Node.js jQuiry, Ajax etc. With a passion to carve out corporate identity. The technology that pagenom team employ is focused on enhancing service experience. The aim is to create long term business relationships for years ahead and we strive to great experience with clients that satisfied with pagenom company.
